Artificial Intelligence Engineer

About the job
We’re looking for the special, unique and amazing YOU!

🚀 We’re looking for the special, unique, and amazing YOU! ✨
💡 @ KCS IT, we seek those who stand out 🌟, those who always strive to be better 💪 and fight for it 🏆. We value individuals who share our core principles:
🔥 Dedication
⚡ Energy
🤝 Integrity & Transparency
🔄 Flexibility
🛡️ Trust & Honesty
💼 Hard Work & Proactivity
👥 Teamwork
At KCS IT, we champion equality and embrace diversity 🌍🌈. We foster a safe, inclusive environment where opportunities are equal for all!
❌ We do not discriminate based on age, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, disability, or any factor other than merit.
📩 All applications with relevant skills are welcome! 🚀
We are looking for an Amazing: AI Engineer

Seniority: Junior

Type of position: Remote

The amazing you, will have:

Required Qualifications
2 years of professional experience in AI/ML, software engineering.
Familiar with Python and relevant libraries for AI experimentation or prototyping.
Comfortable using LLM APIs or tooling (e.g., OpenAI, HuggingFace, LangChain).
Basic understanding of embeddings, vector search, or prompt engineering.
Familiar with version control systems (Git).
Strong collaboration and communication skills in a cross-functional team environment.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience working on generative AI applications or retrieval-augmented generation (RAG).
Awareness of explainability tools, content summarization techniques, or feedback workflows.
Familiarity with Azure AI services (e.g., Azure OpenAI, Azure ML).
Exposure to EdTech systems, learning analytics, or personalization engines.
Interest in contributing to real-world educational tools used by students and teachers.
Fluent in English.


Why should you become part of our family?

You can develop a career that fits you: your career development is personalized, taking in consideration your needs and goals from a short to long term
Interesting Challenges Ahead: you can work for several clients from different sectors of activity
Free training programs: Our training and certification programs in languages, tech, behavior and business will help you to reach your full potential faster
International projects in Benelux: you can gain international experience in Benelux and balance a new way of living with work
Type of projects (depending on the project you might find one of this types of projects):
In hybrid Systems: Is important to balance work with socialization, that´s why a hybrid system works for us and for you
Full Remote projects: If you want to work while you enjoy the comfort of your home
Full Onsite projects: if you prefere the company of your colleagues!
Take care of your well-being: Enjoy our free nutrition, psicologist, general medicine appointments and our yoga and personal training days… all remote!




Who are we? 

Founded in 2008 and based in Lisbon, KCS IT is a consulting company in the field of Information Technology and Services, focused on creating value for our clients through three main areas: Consulting, Outsourcing, Inovation and Training. Our commitment to talent development is unmistakable in the recent opening of the Porto, Leiria and Azores hubs, which aims to develop technology for the national and international market. Since 2018 we have been elected one of the 10 major companies in the “Index of Excellence”, an initiative that aims to reward organizations that invest most in the development and satisfaction of their employees.


